Retrieve the entire contents of EMP table.
Ans  desc emp;

Print the name of employees
Ans select ename from emp;.

Retrieve the list of names and jobs of employees.
Ans select ename,job from emp;

List of various department available from dept table.
Ans select dname from dept;

List all information about the Employees of the EMP table.
Ans select * from emp;

Show the information of the Department table.
desc dept;

Display the contents of the column Empno, Ename as Employee Name and Sal from the Emp table.
Ans select empno,ename as Employee_Name ,sal from emp;

Display the Job, Comm and Ename from the Emp table with Customized column headings.
Ans select job as job_title,comm as comission, ename as NameEmp from emp;

Display the location as “Location” and names of all the departments as “Department Names”.
Ans select loc as "Location" , dName as "Department Name" from dept;

List the different Managers Codes.
Ans select empno,job from emp where job="manager";

Write a query, which concatenates the Emp No, Name and Mgr Code. Display output with spaces in the columns. 
Ans select concat(empno,' ',ename,' ',mgr) as details from emp;	

Create a query to display all the data from the EMP table, separate each column by a comma.
Ans SELECT CONCAT(empno, ',', ename, ',', job, ',', mgr, ',', hiredate, ',', sal, ',', comm, ',', deptno) AS emp_record from emp;

Modify the above query to add a column that will subtract the Old Salary from the New Salary. 
Ans SELECT CONCAT(empno, ',', ename, ',', job, ',', mgr, ',', hiredate, ',', sal, ',', comm, ',', deptno, ',', (sal * 1.10 - sal)) AS emp_record from emp;

Write a query that produces the following for each employee as- 
<employee name> earns <salary> monthly, but wants salary <3 times salary>. Label the columns Dream Salaries.
Ans SELECT CONCAT(ename, ' earns ', sal, ' monthly, but wants salary ', sal * 3) AS `Dream Salaries`FROM emp;

Display different types of positions available in the Company.
Ans select DISTINCT job as Position from emp;

Using the sales table, you need to report the following 
Appropriate column heading should be given for all the columns.
Ans SELECT REPID AS "Sales Rep ID", CUSTID AS "Customer ID", CUSTNAME AS "Customer Name",PRODID AS "Product ID", PRODNAME AS "Product Name", AMOUNT AS "Sale Amount" FROM sales;


